4.1 Enterprise wireless connectivity v.s. home/open Wi-Fi/hotspot 

Considering the scope of our project, ideally, our targeted mean connectivity through the device would be mostly done through Bluetooth or an open Wi-Fi instead of a wireless connectivity. However, to avoid instances of unreliability with our device connection we will be using an Enterprise wireless connection to send and receive inputs. Our device will send inputs to our database and from there it will communicate with out raspberry pi and will according change values to alter certain outputs such as the Fuel indicator powered by our servo or our blinker lights connected with our CANbus. This decision is made so that our project can be done remotely. However, in a final prototype, the project will be using Bluetooth to avoid unnecessary Wi-Fi connection requirements or network trafficking. Similarly, in an automobile, Wi-Fi lag could induce a lower user experience and potentially crucial mistakes when failure to communicate with the cars indicator occur.
4.2 Database configuration 

Due to the nature of project being relatively simple in terms of database requirements, the layout of the Firebase database system will also be a relatively simple design. The current purpose of the database will be to allow remote communication between various components of the infotainment system. For each hardware component requiring communication between one another, they will have their own separate entry in the Firebase database. These entries will contain two sub-entries, one for sent data and another for received data. The main device handling all of the initial communication between the devices will be the Raspberry Pi device. Each hardware component will be connected to a Virtual Machine, and in turn the Virtual Machine will be connected to the database to relay the communication between devices. 
The only data that the CANbus and Servo hardware components will send back to the database is either a success or failure return character to signify that the command was received and applied. In the case of the CANbus system, the received data entry will contain single characters which represent different portions of the car’s lighting system. The Servo motor component will receive numerical data to move the servo motor to a specified angle. This numerical data will be based on a range from 500-2500, which correlates to angles between 0-90 degrees. The data the servo receives will come from the Joystick hardware component, which will send the numerical data based on stick position, and receive success/failure data from the servo component.
4.3 Security considerations 
